In this class, I'm going to show you the map and set interface.
Map is a key value pair collection.
We store an element in key and element fashion.
That is, we'll store element,
you'll give it a key for the map to retrieve and manipulate [inaudible].
Let's take a look at the example.
We have a key value pair table.
The key is a non-string,
and the value is a position.
To retrieve a certain people's position,
we can use people's name to search for it.
Two common map implementations are HashMap and TreeMap.
The main differences between both maps are HashMap have no order,
and TreeMap is ordered.
If you're interested to learn more,
please follow the API documents I forwarded.
For set, you could consider a set is a map with all value.
We just store elements by using hashing.
Similar to map, if you adding a value to map with a key which already exists,
Java will treat it as update.
To old value, will be updated with a new value.
For set, if adding an element which already exists in the set,
it will be ignored.
Similar to map, two common set implementations are HashSet and TreeSet.
If you're interested to learn more,
please see API documents as well.